# This is a list which coheres to the variables used in the main program.
# Format: ["variable_name", variable_value] #NOTE: [Do Not leave last line of notepad empty!]

multi = False
single = False
musicOn = True
musicOff = False
theme1 = True
theme2 = False
colorRedEasy = True
colorBlueTough = False
colorGreenHard = False
colorYellowDeath = False
onePlayerMode = False
twoPlayerMode = False
threePlayerMode = False
fourPlayerMode = False
maleSelect = True
maleSelect2 = True
maleSelect3 = True
maleSelect4 = True
femaleSelect = False
femaleSelect2 = False
femaleSelect3 = False
femaleSelect4 = False
redSelect = False
redSelect2 = False
redSelect3 = False
redSelect4 = False
greenSelect = False
greenSelect2 = False
greenSelect3 = False
greenSelect4 = False
blueSelect = False
blueSelect2 = False
blueSelect3 = False
blueSelect4 = False
yellowSelect = False
yellowSelect2 = False
yellowSelect3 = False
yellowSelect4 = False
redMale = False
blueMale = False
greenMale = False
yellowMale = False
redFemale = False
blueFemale = False
greenFemale = False
yellowFemale = False
card1Selected = False
card2Selected = False
card3Selected = False
card4Selected = False
card5Selected = False
card6Selected = False
currentTurn = 1
currentRoller = 0
rollNumber = 0
computerCardSelect = 0
rankOne = 0
rankTwo = 0
rankThree = 0
rankFour = 0
firstPos = (893, 278)
fourthPos = (997, 278)
rankOnePos = 0
rankTwoPos = 0
rankThreePos = 0
rankFourPos = 0
rankOneImage = Nothing
rankTwoImage = Nothing
rankThreeImage = Nothing
rankFourImage = Nothing
gameOver = False
mainMenu = False
modeSelect = False
musicSelect = False
themeSelect = False
colourSelect = False
modeHover = False
musicHover = False
themeHover = False
colourHover = False
pauseHover = False
menuHover = False
rollHover = False
resumeHover = False
applyHover = False
homeHover = False
boxHover = False
box2Hover = False
box3Hover = False
box4Hover = False
twoPlayerHover = False
threePlayerHover = False
fourPlayerHover = False
maleHover = False
maleHover2 = False
maleHover3 = False
maleHover4 = False
femaleHover = False
femaleHover2 = False
femaleHover3 = False
femaleHover4 = False
redHover = False
redHover2 = False
redHover3 = False
redHover4 = False
greenHover = False
greenHover2 = False
greenHover3 = False
greenHover4 = False
blueHover = False
blueHover2 = False
blueHover3 = False
blueHover4 = False
yellowHover = False
yellowHover2 = False
yellowHover3 = False
yellowHover4 = False
cardOneHover = False
cardTwoHover = False
cardThreeHover = False
cardFourHover = False
cardFiveHover = False
cardSixHover = False
modeSelected = False
gameInProgress = False
gameInProgress2 = False
gamePaused = False
settingsApplied = False
colourError = False
colourError2 = False
loopAmount = 0
movement = False
pauseDebounce = False
singlePlayerWait = False
computerPause = False
boardDisplay = False
musicPlaying = False
firstTime = True
nextHover = False
skipHover = False
finishHover = False